To finish implementing our BookRepository we need to
implement transaction demarcation.
Basically, it's just adding a transactional annotation on all our methods.
The REQUIRED strategy always starts a new transaction,
that's the needed strategy for write only operation.
SUPPORTS inherit from the caller transaction, perfect for read only.
So let's add transaction management to our BookRepository.
The create and the delete methods are write only data,
so it's wise to use the REQUIRED strategy,
REQUIRED.
Let's import that so we only have REQUIRED.
Copy/paste this line on the delete method.
So now let's do the same thing but for the read only methods,
the find, findAll, and countAll.
But this time we don't use the REQUIRED,
we use SUPPORTS, a different transactions strategy.
We can copy/paste it on all the read only methods or we can just delete them and add the transaction strategy to the class itself.